ENG-208-keplr-guide (#76)
tharsis/evmos: docs/guides/keys-wallets/keplr.md

<!--
order: 4
-->

# Keplr

> Connect your Keplr wallet with Evmos and request funds from the Faucet {synopsis}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect your Keplr wallet with Evmos {synopsis}
```

Reviewer: this is more general

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Pre-requisite Readings

- [Install Keplr](https://www.keplr.app/) {prereq}

```

The Keplr browser extension is a wallet for accessing applications in the Cosmos ecosystem and managing user identities. It can be used to connect to {{ $themeConfig.project.name }} through the official testnet and request Funds from the Faucet.

## Install Keplr

> Add the Keplr browser extension following the instructions on the [Keplr website](https://www.keplr.app/). The Keplr extension is officially supported only on Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Keplr browser extension following the instructions on the [Keplr website](https://www.keplr.app/). The Keplr extension is officially supported only on Chromium-based explorers.
```

## Create/Import Account

Open the Keplr extension on your browser. If you are setting up Keplr for the first time, you can either create a new account or import an existing account. Refer to the [Keplr documentation](https://keplr.crunch.help/getting-started) for further information.

## Connect to Evmos Testnet and Request Funds from the Faucet

> Once you are signed in to the Keplr extension, visit the [Faucet](https://faucet.evmos.org/) and click the `Request Funds with Keplr` button. Then approve the both following pop ups `Chain Add Request` and `Request Connection` to add the {{ $themeConfig.project.name }} testnet chain (evmos_9000-1) to Keplr and approve the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are signed in to the Keplr extension, visit the [Faucet](https://faucet.evmos.org/) and click the `Request Funds with Keplr` button. Then approve the both following pop ups `Chain Add Request` and `Request Connection` to add the {{ $themeConfig.project.name }} testnet chain (`evmos_{{ $themeConfig.project.testnet_chain_id }}-{{ $themeConfig.project.testnet_version_number }}`) to Keplr and approve the connection.
```

![chain add request](./../img/keplr_approve_chain.png)

> After approval you can see a tranaction confirmation informing you that Photons have been successfully transferred to your evmos address on the testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After approval, you can see a transaction confirmation informing you that {{ $themeConfig.project.testnet_denom }} have been successfully transferred to your evmos address on the testnet.
```

Reviewer: let's also redirect `evmos address` to the address format docs

![chain add request](./../img/keplr_transaction.png)

::: tip

> You can request Photons from the Faucet for each address only once every 24h. If you try to request multiple times within the 24h cooldown phase, no transaction will be initiated. Please try again in 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request {{ $themeConfig.project.testnet_denom }} from the Faucet for each address only once every 24h. If you try to request multiple times within the 24h cooldown phase, no transaction will be initiated. Please try again in 24 hours.
```

Reviewer: let's also link to the Faucet docs

:::

> View your account balance either by clicking on the Keplr extension or by [interacting with the node](../../quickstart/interact_node.md). Note that Faucet might not display the amount of Photons transferred by the Faucet, as it might be smaller than the amount of decimals displayed in the Keplr extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View your account balance either by clicking on the Keplr extension or by [interacting with the node](../../quickstart/interact_node.md). Note that Faucet might not display the amount of {{ $themeConfig.project.testnet_denom }} transferred by the Faucet, as it might be smaller than the number of decimals displayed in the Keplr extension.
```
